Did you hear the one about the guy whose left arm and leg were cut off? He's all right now.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger for a few seconds. Then it hit me.
I'm reading a book explaining anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
It's not that he didn't know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
I used to be a banker until I lost interest.
I don't trust stairs--they're always up to something.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
You see that guy over there? He survived a mustard gas attack and pepper spray. He's a seasoned veteran all right.
When William joined the army he immediately disliked the phrase 'fire at will'.
Prisoners have lots of favorite punctuation marks. Basically anything that ends a sentence.
Broken puppets for sale. No strings attached.
People are choosing cremation over traditional burial. It shows that they are thinking out of the box.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital. When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was, the nurse replied 'No change yet'.
Two old men sat on the side of a newly built road bemoaning the old days when a donkey lumbered by pulling a cart of apples. Suddenly, it tripped, sending apples everywhere. One old man turned to the other and said, see -- it was the asphalt.
What is the difference between a nicely dressed man on a tricycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? A tire.
The other day I held the door open for a clown. I thought it was a nice jester.
Peter Pan is a terrible boxer. When he punches, they never land.
Did you hear about the butcher? He accidentally backed up into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
I tried talking about our future but she just kept bringing up my past. It was a tense conversation.
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference.
You get what you pay for. The expensive carpenter really nailed it, but the cheapest bidder screwed everything up.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I saw a documentary about beavers last night. It was the best dam movie I've ever seen.
No one knew she had a fake tooth until it came out during a conversation.
A hungry traveller stops at a monastery and is taken to the kitchens. A brother is frying chips. 'Are you the friar?' he asks. 'No. I'm the chip monk,' he replies.
